In the Netherlands,
there was a need for a new,
suitable Assembly Hall,
which could accommodate almost all
of the 300 congregations
of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Additional building ground
was acquired next to the existing hall,
so that a second,
completely new hall could be constructed.
More than 200 volunteers
worked on this project.
What challenges did they face?
And what blessings did they receive?
We had to sell our house
and close our business.
It’s a step into the unknown.
I had to quit my job.
It was exciting to step
out of my comfort zone
and rely completely on Jehovah.
Everything is structured, organized.
That is why things run smoothly.
That doesn’t come naturally to me.
We were invited to come
and work in the kitchen.
I love to cook at home.
I’m really fond of it.
What was my assignment?
Doing the dishes.
Working on yourself,
your Christian personality,
and cooperating
with your brothers and sisters
—that has everlasting value.
It was wonderful training for the future
when we will be building together
in Paradise.
You realize that everyone
sacrifices something and becomes happier.
No one regrets their decision.
That Jehovah takes into account
your personal makeup,
that he is patient with us.
I’ve really learned how to work together
in a theocratic arrangement
and still have fun.
You can work on yourself all day long
and therefore be able to improve.
I really learned to study more
and to read the Bible more often.
Because we worked together so closely,
you got to know each other very well
and I really started
to love and appreciate people.
We really came to appreciate
that every brother and sister
has this beautiful inner person.
Visitors and contractors
were always very surprised
that there were so many women
working at the construction site.
It’s great working with sisters.
I have a construction background,
and communication with men
can be really up front.
That doesn’t work with sisters.
You just have to be calm,
talk, and listen.
I had to work on a lift platform,
but that was kind of a problem
because I’m afraid of heights.
The brothers were so kind
to seal the sides up completely
so that I could not look down.
It was fun working together
on that lift platform.
We called it our little flat.
The atmosphere was amazing,
and we all had a great time.
Now we work in the kitchen
at the Swifterbant School Facility
—a real privilege.
We’ve been trained
to cook during construction,
but if needed,
I’ll even do the dishes as well.
I’ll never work five days again.
Now I work three days,
and since July 1st,
I started pioneering.
That’s just great.
He was offered a job.
He could even choose between two jobs.
Now he works three days a week,
which always seemed impossible.
Eventually, we were
in Swifterbant for one month only.
Then we went to Mozambique
for three months.
Then for five months
to Swifterbant again.
Then three months in South Africa.
Bethel called and assigned us
to Congo (Kinshasa).
All the volunteers who helped
to make a success of this project—
Well, they had to give up a lot.
As a result,
we can enjoy this beautiful hall.
It’s amazing to be here.
It’s great to be encouraged
and to be strengthened for the ministry.
If you think about it,
every day we have
around 700 new brothers and sisters.
That means every three days
we could fill a hall like this
with new brothers and sisters.
These kinds of halls
are really needed worldwide
in order to provide education
to all those additional brothers and sisters.
It’s so faith-strengthening to be here.
Words cannot express it.
I feel so united, so warm, peaceful.
It’s so wonderful to be able
to serve Jehovah together.